https://leetcode.com/problems/cut-off-trees-for-golf-event/
# Problem
You are asked to cut off trees in a forest for a golf event. The forest is represented as a non-negative 2D map, in this map:

    0 represents the obstacle can't be reached.
    1 represents the ground can be walked through.
    The place with number bigger than 1 represents a tree can be walked through, and this positive number represents the tree's height.

 

You are asked to cut off all the trees in this forest in the order of tree's height - always cut off the tree with lowest height first. And after cutting, the original place has the tree will become a grass (value 1).

You will start from the point (0, 0) and you should output the minimum steps you need to walk to cut off all the trees. If you can't cut off all the trees, output -1 in that situation.

You are guaranteed that no two trees have the same height and there is at least one tree needs to be cut off.

# Example

Example 1:

Input: 
[
 [1,2,3],
 [0,0,4],
 [7,6,5]
]
Output: 6

 

Example 2:

Input: 
[
 [1,2,3],
 [0,0,0],
 [7,6,5]
]
Output: -1

 

Example 3:

Input: 
[
 [2,3,4],
 [0,0,5],
 [8,7,6]
]
Output: 6
Explanation: You started from the point (0,0) and you can cut off the tree in (0,0) directly without walking.

# Solution
The difficulty of the problem is that we have to cut off the trees in the order of trees height.
So we need an ordered data structure to store the heights and postions of the trees in the order of their heights.
map or sorted vector or priority queue can fullfil this requirement.
Once we know the positions of the trees, the next step is to determine how we cut off a tree with shortest steps.
We could use BFS to search the target tree. When we arrives at the target tree, we start from there and use BFS to search the next target tree. We repeat doing BFS until we cut off all the trees.

# Complexity
sorting: O(MNlog(MN)) where M is the number of rows and N is the number of columns.
BFS: M^2N^2. In the worst case, we may have MN trees. For each tree, we need to search the whole grid.

# Code

```c++

```

```python

```
