https://leetcode.com/problems/substring-with-concatenation-of-all-words/

# Problem
You are given a string, s, and a list of words, words, that are all of the same length. Find all starting indices of substring(s) in s that is a concatenation of each word in words exactly once and without any intervening characters.

# Example
Example 1:

Input:
  s = "barfoothefoobarman",
  words = ["foo","bar"]
Output: [0,9]
Explanation: Substrings starting at index 0 and 9 are "barfoo" and "foobar" respectively.
The output order does not matter, returning [9,0] is fine too.

Example 2:

Input:
  s = "wordgoodgoodgoodbestword",
  words = ["word","good","best","word"]
Output: []


# Solution
The brute force method is to generate all permutations of words. 
In total we have O(m!) different permutations, where m is the length of words.
For each permutation we check whether it is a substring of s.
This operation takes O(n*k*m) to finish the checking,
where n is the length of s, k is the lenght of a word and m is the length of the words.
The time compplexity is O((m!)*n*k*m). 

As we can see, we waste most of the time on permutations.
To avoid this, we can use a hashmap to store the word and its count.
For each substring of s, we check whether this substring is equivalent to the hashmap.
To do this, we simply divide the substring into a few words, and check if these words are in the hashmap 
and the number of occurance of each word is equal to hashmap[word].
# Complexity
O(N)

# Code

```c++

```

```python
def findSubstring(self, s: str, words: List[str]) -> List[int]:
        
        m = len(words)
        if not m: return []
        n = len(words[0])
        if len(s) < m*n: return []
        
        res = []
        d = collections.defaultdict(int)
        for w in words:
            d[w] += 1     

        for i in range(len(s)-m*n+1):
            seen = collections.defaultdict(int)
            j = 0
            while j < m:
                if s[i+j*n:i+(j+1)*n] in d:
                    seen[s[i+j*n:i+(j+1)*n]] += 1
                    if seen[s[i+j*n:i+(j+1)*n]] > d[s[i+j*n:i+(j+1)*n]]:
                        break
                else:
                    break
                j += 1
            if j == m: res.append(i)
            
        return res


```
